Stop guessing what makes a YouTube video go viral.
Most creators rely on recycled advice and gut feelings.
But what if you could let hard data drive your content strategy?
Welcome to Creator Luck.
Creator Luck allows you to instantly uncover
the top-performing content in any niche.
Simply type in your topic, and our platform
pulls in the most relevant videos.
You can easily filter by long-form content,
YouTube Shorts, and specific timeframes
to ensure you're analyzing what's working right now.
But here is where the magic happens.
Select a batch of videos and hit Analyze.
Creator Luck doesn't just look at views —
it extracts every frame and the entire transcript
of every single video.
It then automatically categorizes these videos
into three distinct tiers:
Viral, Mid, and Bombed.
Now, you can clearly see the difference between
a video that gets five million views
and one that barely breaks a million.
Creator Luck distills this massive amount of data
into actionable insights.
You might hear gurus say that shorter titles are better —
but our AI analysis proves that in this specific niche,
viral videos actually have titles
that are forty percent longer.
You'll also see that formatting your title as a question
significantly increases your chances of going viral.
You can even track creator velocity over time
on our interactive timeline,
seeing exactly when a channel started to take off.
But Creator Luck doesn't stop at dashboards.
You can actually chat directly with your data.
Powered by proprietary YouTube growth intelligence,
our AI analyzes every frame, transcript,
and performance metric
to help you understand exactly why a video
performed the way it did.
You can ask it to compare viral and bombed videos,
break down retention psychology,
and even have it help you ideate new concepts
based on real data.
Stop copying your competitors
and start analyzing them.
Uncover the hidden patterns of success in your niche.
Sign up for Creator Luck today,
and find your next viral idea.